Lord Long, how can it be you?
Brother Yang, are you old children?
you
What have you done?
Bao Kid Wang Ge
This old boy didn't pay attention to you just now
And dare to pretend to be a longan
He deserved to die.
Didn't you eat?
Hey damn life is you
Brother Wolf Brother Wolf
Why did you hit me?
I'll beat you and I'll kill you
How dare you offend the dragon lord
He also knelt you down and made it for the dragon female guest
He really is a fucking dragon lord
What nonsense
I won't forgive him if he scolds you
Dragon Lord Dragon Lord
Boy has no eyes
Please forgive me for offending Lord Long
Forgive me.
Starting with the kind you did to my daughter
You are a dead man
Snow Wolf
Then you said you were going to skin me
How do you do that?
Luo Ye, I understand
Come on, let's pull it out
Skin cramp
Sir sir
Master master master
easy
I didn't discipline my brother well.
Please also take full responsibility.
Go kneel and kowtow to him and apologize
Stop with Ke Defang